[Music]
in 1995 on the Cree Empire's capital
planet of Halle Star Force member veers
suffers from amnesia and recurring
nightmares involving an older woman Yann
raagh her mentor and Commander trains
her to control her abilities while the
supreme intelligence the artificial
intelligence that rules the cream urges
her to keep her emotions in check during
a mission to rescue an undercover
operative infiltrating a group of
Scrolls alien shapeshifters with whom
the Kree are at war scroll commander
Talos captures beers subjects her to a
memory probe and heads to earth veers
escapes and crash lands in Los Angeles
her presence attracts shield agents Nick
Fury and Phil Coulson whose
investigation is interrupted by a scroll
attack in the ensuing chase
Vere's recovers a crystal containing her
extracted memories while fury kills a
scroll impersonating Coulson Talos
disguised as shield director Keller
orders fury to work with fears and keep
tabs on her using her extracted memories
veers and fury go to the project Pegasus
installation at a US Air Force Base
where the discoverer veers was a pilot
presumed to have died in 1989 while
testing an experimental jet engine
designed by dr. Wendy Lawson whom Viers
recognises as the woman from her
nightmares a shield team led by Talos
disguised as Keller tries to capture
them but they escape in a cargo jet with
Lawson stowaway cat goose they fly to
Louisiana to meet former pilot Maria
Rambo the last person to see veers and
Lawson alive Rambo and her daughter
Monica tell veers who was once close to
them that her real name is Carol Danvers
Tallis arrives and reveals the scrolls
are refugees searching for a new home
and Lawson was Marvell a renegade Kree
scientist helping them
Talos plays a recovered recording from
Lawson's jet prompting Danvers to
remember the crash Lawson attempted to
destroy the engines energy core to keep
it from the Kree but was killed by Yan
Rob before she could destroying the
engine herself Danvers absorbed the
energy from the ensuing explosion giving
her powers but losing her memory Danvers
Talos Fury and Rambo locate Lawson's
cloaked laboratory orbiting Earth where
Lawson hit several Scrolls including
Talos his family and the tesseract the
power source of the energy core their
Danvers is captured by Star Force and
interface
is with the supreme intelligence during
their conversation danvers removes the
Kree implant that was suppressing her
powers allowing her to reach her full
potential in the subsequent battle fury
retrieves goose who was revealed to
actually be from the alien species
flirtin goose swallows the tesseract
before blinding Furies left eye
Danvers destroys the Kree bomber forcing
crea fficer Ronan the accuser and his
squadron to retreat before overpowering
yon Raw on earth and sending him back to
holla with a warning to the Supreme
intelligence Danvers departs to help the
scrolls find a new home world leaving
fury a modified pager to contact her in
an emergency meanwhile fury drafts an
initiative to locate heroes like Danvers
naming it after her Air Force callsign
Avenger in a mid-credits scene set in
the present day the pager which fury
activated prior to his disintegration is
being monitored by Steve Rogers Natasha
Romanov Bruce Banner and James Rhodes
when Danvers appears and demands to know
Fury's whereabouts
in a post-credits scene set in 1995
goose climbs onto Fury's desk and
regurgitates the tesseract
[Music]
you